it's been the summer for mega transfer
deals in league ah but Perry san ramon
have sealed the biggest of the lot
uruguayan striker edinson cavani
completed his move to paris for an
astonishing 55 million pounds a French
record the former Napoli striker took
Syria by storm last season winning the
golden boot with an impressive 29 goals
and hopes he can fire his new site to
UEFA Champions League Laurie offered sit
and push it I know I'm coming to a team
who are French champions it's a team who
played really well and made a good
impression in last year's Champion's
League donks and Salman just as well
danke computer I'm proud I'm really
happy to be here I tried to give it all
to bring what I can to this club to this
team and these players could give about
you doc manjal departed soul to hope
they keep capability pulling the shampoo
on it can be certain that I'm a hard
worker who is joining them to help in
their quest for the Champions League
ever a limo Chivas your figures appear a
decision Cavani comes into a team
already posting a number of
multi-million pound stars but one man
stands head and shoulders above the rest
last season's top scorer in the french
league latin Ibrahimovic and 26 year-old
Cavani believes he'll have no problem
linking up with the swedish number 10 no
no no yome with you I think I'll do well
with Ibrahimovic I don't know why people
should think otherwise eva is a world
class champion it's always a pleasure to
play with him because he knows how to
win he's a winner and it's very positive
for the whole team that goes for
bargaining
BTW to ask yourself anchor are you
Debbie try again years now I'm coming to
this big club and I hope will be a good
attacking combination Dawson Dawson con
club video played for a spare part for
me I'm bunju data correctly PSG's new
manager laurent blanc will be hoping his
new signing will fit straight into his
star-studded squad ahead of their
opening League own game with Montpelier
on the night of August long Jimmy on
Hispaniola